we're trying to perfect this matchup
guys it's a tough one War Boss versus
the
Eldar as long as they're not warp spider
xar I think though it can be winnable I
think double Shooters is definitely the
way and storm boys into truck and
Busters seems to always be the best even
on these bigger kind of maps it seems
It's
already it's the way to go way to get it
I feel like he might want to go for
double Guardians on this map it's a lot
more open War truck's going to be
amazing in tier two on a map like
this not
enough
uh we should that Victory Point boss
yeah we'll have to see I'm thinking
where to send these shooters straight
away maybe up like
this is it the nearest
fight right we'll get the post up could
maybe even put a bit of pressure on over
there like you could take these
points that's good got the fast here
nice good bit of Chip damage there on
that lady now we'll probably rotate
something to the mid now in
response guys use guide get back get
back they coming at us
now we can advance cuz we're both
together these haven't moved though get
the other node let's try and not lose
our wall boss and let's try and not lose
our
NDS this okay okay they're all
here that's all right that's
okay that's just
[Music]
fine seriously
oh I don't think he wants this
fight oh maybe he
does a we bled them a lot as
well one more oh Wow we lost a lot of
models there
[__] hell
man God it's brutal brutal where s
here I know what that
me
it yeah sh comes out quick don't
it when free Elder units beat you four
units as
[__] ORS Mano ready
H dude I've got to stop fighting early I
think like your boys without upgrades
are trash and I completely whiffed my
stomp I was hoping it would hit the fast
here I should have just ignored
it I should have got the stomp on the
shees and then just ran
forward with the uh the war bu into the
Guardians didn't
let's go
get can't
we yes caught them that's good
right got me can't we ever here chop
working on that Gear Up
boss gener sparking now
boss there some boys away join
me got him
[__] won't be
[Music]
pretty micro was a bit uh you know
tested
there W they've lost a lot of power
thingy up boss
they let's let's have them heal a little
bit I
think we'll push up this
way they'll get the Decap but we should
be good let's just Decap this and then
get out of
here right spark now
boss out of the big
shooter right out and you can come oh
why is he running forward that's a bit
strange
just Retreat out of there oh no [__]
sake they stacked up
now get the uh the boss
P you
going to walk I think this
is now let's not get the boss
point oh [__]
hell at least we got into melon
go this way we Victory point
from not the best engagement there to be
honest
this
way oh [__] jumped him in too early all
right let's just get the [__] out of
hereit too are
here lead a few
models uh we're both level one so I
could get specialed so I need to get out
yeah that was all to too aggressive I
didn't really get much benefit from all
that that was not
good that's the way suppose I got this
side of the map which is
something but I'm generally not very
impressed lot of healing to do lot of
bleeding Cur really a lot of
bleed the banshe is after a treat that's
good
we'll
uh out
there I get your plan on
way going to cancel this knob in case he
sees it see where they're coming from
on hurry up and get
inside I always wanted one of
these we rolling now B the boys need
themselves they do just get a j and back
off and get the um tanky armor on our
woss yeah he's TI
too oh [__]
H oh that's not
good all right back up
away
man just [__]
viory for victory for okay he's rotating
over this way that's
fine just need to not
bleed 300 points stop knocking your is
out of the
way man he got that Falcon out so fast
where I if I'll get the Decap there or
not I did okay get back before we bleed
to the
fcon inevitably rotate
overest need to get the tank Busters
inside good idea you're so cunning then
we'll get our war boss
K
after
our can't we have a truck or some turn
the wall up the side there for
you ready for that's our Target come on
you Gat we sh
nothing over
here how strange pull out the
Spy is
gone [__] hell of course they're
shooting the one we know knob the boys
need themselves a day
Victory R it which way roll it
was a good engagement
stop no take
got 200 points
left oh they all hit the [__] wall
dude all dead now
what are you doing
shoot that was a good engagement
here oh I've still got a got a B in
ourg another shter big one
get us one more
boy nice
we
boss a
[__] who wants a hand when when you can
have a claw
right tank Busters can go cap over
there
is come
on
you get the trophy rack
now you can't do that
mate she's
[Music]
dead
away going to
why did they not get into melee man oh
for [__]
sake us [__] hell
dude
God
Shin look The Fad
dude good God
man
here yes got him
oh God spiders are so scary though I
really need both of my Shooters together
to deal with that don't know why those
stor boys didn't get to melee probably
should have retreated as soon as the
Banshees
left wos come around the top yeah it's
hard it's like I go tier three then and
I just get knobs
but yeah dominating the
uh the rest of the game basically that
was that wasy Prett good I feel like I'm
I'm getting the hang of it I'm getting
the hang of
it cuz yeah he'll overwhelm me and Mele
I should have gone for stor boys or a
pain boy so that was a mistake I need to
address
that if he goes for an IST
spam
then I can
go for looters if he goes for
oh I need
music if he goes for strike Squad then I
go pen
by I think is does it sound logical
guys we'll get
the me what it should be logical work
come on
going to
walk got it what you with
me we add it to the boss the oldo malas
are very strong in melee can you believe
it great KN powerful in
M it's
unbelievable sh Street
way for you boss walk away
punishing generator R sparking
now
you go this way this way here this
way oh my God the
damage [__] hell
man over here
lead like crazy
dude we'll get rid of them at
least you leave that and
move
it you want never get him mother of
course I'll just grab that and then get
out of
there it's fine see he obviously has
strike Squad there which costs more than
me two IST so the IST same price as boys
but then he has strike Squad which cost
the same as two boys so ah should have
healed him let
go bring out the bigger Shooters
generator R sparking now
boss
where
us I still got a model even with my
heal oh God
long okay let's see what we going to go
for for this one then come on you kid
this might be a good time to get the
well certainly we want double big
Shooters there's no doubt about
that big sh can't we ever we got it we
got it what are you on with me get
chopping not move shoot me I shoot
you a bing boys let's get
it
h
attack way can't we have a
truck how no need is that it
wants to be angry
en charge oh the charge got
cancelled [__] sake
man oh God damn
it that's so stupid
stupid [__]
hell always
need one
more God that's
annoying well at least I won the
engagement why are they not in
cover did he uh throw mines oh no he
didn't leave and
move way to get it that's really
annoying I think this is
important that's the
way let's go get your
which
way I'll get it come on H and there
usual um got loads of [__]
power not a whole lot else you
know way get yeah I think we need bang
bang nah can't afford
it can't afford it
unfortunately
on I'll get it
for walk come on you
GS I can it you so annoying how they all
have
sidearms go get come on
you and I never have a unit to cap
either I need everything for combat it
feels like but he can cap quite
confidently it
man they get absolutely wrecked in melee
the energy drain is a [__] problem
man
honestly it's a serious
problem oh he does so much melee
damage oh and I'm floating like crazy
man Orcs are so hard and then they have
this impact grenade which he completely
whs well done
[Music]
deos yeah what you
doing
um yeah it's so high confuses me
so what can I even do here yeah I can do
[__]
off to
be near here um he doesn't have scaling
AV so let's just get a truck boys need
themselves a they do I just need J
ability on the
boss got some new units ready
boss N I can't f it looters but then
he's no I can't get looters I have to
get a tank Buster Squad God this is a
nightmare yeah
I just
bleed hiding in my
base where
you at least that cr's
covering knew the Raz about come in
there's not really much I can do against
it
though to be
honest npe get back oh leave me alone
going to have to go bang bang
um what can you do come on guys stop
faffing around
and get done what you need to get
done so you can get the armor here [__]
me up
you [__] kidding me
what are you
doing so hard to keep anything alive
man [__]
hell getting cover
man that was with usug your Choppers as
well I think y your Choppers has been
over nerfed I've said it many
times like bang bang hammer and Yu your
Choppers and I'm still [__] losing
like
what where's that I don't know where
that was going to
walk back
where that's
right the best you could
doing now let's smash
it let's
smashing just a
green way come on you g over there
at least it was my my healthy one that
Liv that's
nice God look at how much damage they do
man
SP with
spes ch War has G
up enemy shoot me
troops Here Comes
aun
you no what's that stupid shot blocker
oh my God why is he running into
melee what a
joke [__] oh my God what
a oh this faction's such
[__]
seriously what an absolute
joke what a joke
man deos never even plays this faction
can you believe
it what if [__]
joke all right well we can definitely
take that
on there's no concern about
that
hello wow that was Dreadful
yeah losing my w boss man that's that's
really cost
me moving Mo rocket
got they'll be all
targeted
boys why does he keep running into
melee hey
why why is he doing that rolling
[Music]
now watch out the to run over
nice that's a lot of
Blade new unit
ready I guess he's bleeding he must be
if he's gone for another rhino
let big damage nice I got
it yes [__] hell killed the Rocks
what a meme yeah wow hm I guess he bled
into
ttoo chaos this time we're on outter
reaches which means there's a lot of
potential to kill things in Retreat we
got to be super careful if we push to
the contested Farm around here we don't
push too deep and then Retreat this way
past their base or vice
versa yeah so in this case it'd be vice
versa so we have to be careful when we
push the Gen farm from up here that we
don't push too deep and then Retreat
down this way and around back to our
base cuz his base is here and he could
intercept us with melee quite easily
that would be a very bad
day we ever
I'll I'll
get
is generally this map probably does
favor the Marine races
the short distance from the base to the
middle is very good for K Space Marines
tactical Space Marines strike Squad this
here is mine get in on the action very
fast and bleed my
boys my
boys we've got the PC so that's
somethinge this way get it this
way this we got it what do you want with
me where you want that
b go I
think lock I'll get it move I'll get
itory already just don't know yet I
see this is risky with the plague
Champion oh he sent the second CSM down
here that's fine
then now right get out cuz there's
Heretics in Retreat
pathos
looters are going to be needed here
let's try and fce off the
PC they're going to have to go they
don't even
cover
OT really got to try and minimize our
bleed
here
boss these yies are just me crazy yies
he still
y just denying him the ability to get
power I think is quite
important back up timing push with the
looter come on walk what want sh is
ready get
ity generator right sparking now
boss sure taking it here t no me what
this way what he
doing shut
up
en okay so he can bash with Heretics so
we're going to just rotate up the top
here do not go this way it's very risky
on this
map I don't know where his Heretics are
bring out
bigs
going guess not am I don't know what
they're doing
kill them chaos
boys
heing we
oh they're worshiping here so we're all
good you this way this way here you need
to to
it
look
chos this way here which way our
generator
under get angry bits too wants to be
Ang here
GG take two for deos with his
chaos we played on out of reaches before
and it didn't go too
well now what's the best opening on this
map for me on way which way on me way to
get
it I tend to do this where I send the
Sluggers to cap the power and then they
go off like that to the side and then I
sort of rotate the boss and the shooters
through the mid
but I don't know I'm not like convinced
that that's a very good way to do this
okay what I'm going to do is I'm going
to go over this side
instead uh we definitely want to
prioritize wreck reck's so valuable when
you play arcs man you bleed so
much we'll get the
up it truly is something incredible the
amount you bleed as an
Orc yeah we'll put some pressure down on
the natural
VP no PC in the mid she slightly
okay going have to retreat out of
there what
that's
boys we got that requisition
you way
walk so we
disengage regroup our shooters
back
out shoot me I shoot
you which
way chaos
boys I'm all right with this
really watch this way here go this way
all right back up life
we got our Lo come in that's fine we've
got absolute dominance of the map I'm
going to flank around now with our
Sluggers and our other G aot
that all good
go should
the get power
thingy don't want to lose a model just
going to retreat them out those Sluggers
lost model anyway [__] H what can you
do I can force these
off you can cap these two you can cap
there you can come back out and take
that and hopefully we can catch these
Heretics on the
side oh that's a Havoc I
see now fair enough
we we Victory point we losing a victory
Point avoid [__]
mess this up oh I didn't finish capping
no oh you [__]
Noob man I [__] that up proper didn't
I I [__] that one up
hard
go that was terrible ready we are going
to try to outshoot
them which
way bring out the biger
shooters got 300 points
all
right I shoot
him
all honestly he's bleeding more than I
am I'm oh [__] back up live
L you got us that's no I'm messed up by
not making the Havoc
Retreat still got good map
control man we need so much
healing no he has to
retreat power thing
yeah the Havoc will have
gone
your we ever
Tru
nowos what we doing
shoot oh [__] sake
oh he he actually can hit me from there
what that's
ridiculous oh he's got double
what this is not good
no why did I go
in [__]
mank now oh I had such a good start to
this
game from now I'm
throwing [__] sake
man ah I should have just gone
Heretics Heretics what I should have
just gone
um you not get your done boys like
normal all this
[__] we've got to kill that muble right
oh come on dude seriously how did he not
dieing you got [__] nurgle worship on
my ass
what's that all about
we us F now let's go get
chopping come on
walk for
two's can't be like super far ahead or
anything pretty sure I've spent less
than he has pretty sure of
it come on sh
us have to go for death
dread this feels like a bad
engagement this way
man they're suppressing me from so far
away and he's not losing models
either it's very
annoying come on
DD
off you're rotating havocs man so
annoying oh my God he caught me again
stupid
very
annoying can't we
ever come on
walk already mine C now he is enemies
come on you Gates on way to get
it yeah yeah
yeah
you get
[__] hell
man have a truck
Poli leave that and move com
us the boys need themselves a they do
hey he's losing that no he's already got
that oh I'm so
screwed
what how
what the [__]
dude how how does he already have
that please
explain cuz I do not
understand oh my God the
bleed I'm [__] absolutely wrecked
300 points
late get him what are you
doing yeah
lose oh this match was [__]
dude [__] Quest heresy is the problem
you get locked in by havocs all the time
on that map
I shouldn't have tried to outshoot it I
should have just gone conventional to
outshoot the setup team you need open
space and not a lot of cover and there's
too much cover and there's no open space
so it was stupid I shouldn't have gone
boss pole I should have gone for storm
boys like normal after the
[Music]
um the looter and and just gone with
that okay we're trying this again Bit Of
Orcs I am going to attempt here to use
triple Sluggers I don't know how
effective it's going to be boogy was
just pointing out one thing how last
game which won't even be in this
compilation actually because this is one
against Space Marines I like to keep the
fashion specific so you can learn the
matchups
but should use C the
boys it's something that I'm not using
enough when I play Orcs it can save you
a lot of requisition if I lose five
model on Sluggers that's 110 requisition
gun and then I'm losing models on
Sluggers on Shooters on [__]
everything so yeah it's a bit
challenging to say the least so I need
to get looters as
well so there are garrisons in this map
which is a bit awkward to deal with
but what can I do a lot oh he's an FC
viory
boss I just retray from that we
it I'll get
it is he going to T got it be
interesting on this map to go to dark no
he not you
got got a j for us where's come on you
it's already M just out now
oh got
him wow he's dropping gens too that's a
bit
m r de flesh we Tangled out proper yeah
idea break him in
off generator right sparking now boss
sping
more n this is stupid what am I
doing all
right no models
obviously never get
models you can never get models off the
Space
Marines course I lose boys what can you
do
not a whole lot to be honest that's just
what
happens you lose models when you use
boys as you says we're coming don't you
fre can I C this in time Los a victory I
guess I'm just going to have to retreat
though God it's very
annoying I don't know what to get now
you got us over there
right for get burners getting the power
thingy up us come on you
G come
[Applause]
on I
always to get tired
you generator right sparking now
BOS who wants to buy a SP
Marine best you can
do on one figh here
Yep this is annoying s
least get
chysis here we
come just here
oh they know we be
here we
come CH boys is on us boss what
IDE way I'll get
it we to get it one
let's smash
it
now this way
get they ain't marching anywhere
now what are you doing
man
kill there
I am failing to micro this
unfortunately it does require a high
level of micro and I'm afraid I haven't
got it right
now so this is not
good that's our Target more
boy
where's I have to get another lure cuz
they're taking too long to [__]
reload man way
here not reload heal reload we's losing
that you know the thing what you want go
Captain your Victory Place
speed this
way all right back up Lively come on the
best you can do what here we come come
on you
[Music]
hum need
more
good why are you not suppressing
them way here
way dang it what that's one more slug
boy we need more B and riches for
that
for no suppression any good for let's go
no why am I not taking be all and all
soon enough
here Victory I think vict let's
go that the best you
can we doing suppress oh my
goodness you [__] idiots
that the best you could do just wait
here get
it so smarty no
more yeah well that was [__] obvious
that was
coming get off oh man not tying up them
[__] straight away there really
screwed me what are you doing
Retreat one
more oh so greedy just move
forward oh this was another example of
when I could have used my [__] called
the
boys godam
it we're coming don't you I'm here any
good [__] forting there you got let's
go get chopping another Lun for you
driving this way yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah which way right's go he's losing a
power our generator under attack
you
me geted a generator of just blew up
there a lot that
does
get way oh
theam
Alles yeah this is a problem let go
E look at that damage from one
special that's not
good come
on oh that was an instant special as
well oh my
God get
out why is he still using what were sto
from Dy
he's losing some
land what was that it doesn't stun one
more oh well that's [__] GG
then oh that was
stupid I guess it's bugged it doesn't
work against battlecry
FC yeah well triple Sluggers doesn't
work
we tried it it was worth the try
[Music]
uh
la
the